Add Grouping API documentation (#104)
qdrant/docs: qdrant/v1.2.x/search.md

However, using the offset parameter saves the resources by reducing network traffic and the number of times the storage is accessed.

Using an `offset` parameter, will require to internally retrieve `offset + limit` points, but only access payload and vector from the storage those points which are going to be actually returned.

## Grouping API

*Available since v1.2.0*

It is possible to group results by a certain field. This is useful when you have multiple points for the same item, and you want to avoid redundancy of the same item in the results.

For example, if you have a large document split into multiple chunks, and you want to search or recommend on a per-document basis, you can group the results by the document ID. 

Consider having points with the following payloads:

```json

> {

Reviewer: Maybe we should add some dummy vectors, just with one dimension, to at least make the JSON object valid.

    {
        "id": 0,
        "payload": {
            "chunk_part": 0, 
            "document_id": "a",
        },
        "vector": ...,
    },
    {
        "id": 1,
        "payload": {
            "chunk_part": 1, 
            "document_id": "a",
        },
        "vector": ...,
    },
    {
        "id": 2,
        "payload": {
            "chunk_part": 2, 

>             "document_id": "a",

Reviewer 2: what do you think about adding an array example right away here?

        },
        "vector": ...,
    },
    {
        "id": 3,
        "payload": {
            "chunk_part": 0, 
            "document_id": 123,
        },
        "vector": ...,
    },
    {
        "id": 4,
        "payload": {
            "chunk_part": 1, 
            "document_id": 123,
        },
        "vector": ...,
    },
    {
        "id": 5,
        "payload": {
            "chunk_part": 0, 
            "document_id": 2.42,
        },
        "vector": ...,
    },
}

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe we should add some dummy vectors, just with one dimension, to at least make the JSON object valid.

Author: Added 👍

> With the ***groups*** API, you will be able to get the top *N* points for each document, assuming that the payload of the points contains the document ID.

Reviewer 2: Are we returning only full groups OR can we respond with groups with less then N elements?

Reviewer 2: I just realized you have an example afterwards with a group that is not full :+1: 

Wondering if it is worth it to more precise on the grouping semantic.

### Search groups

```http
POST /collections/{collection_name}/points/search/groups

{
    // Same as in the regular search API
    "vector": [0.2, 0.3, 0.1, 0.5],
    ...,

    // Grouping parameters
    "group_by": "document_id",  // Path of the field to group by
    "limit": 3,                 // Max amount of groups

>     "group_size": 2,             // Max amount of points per group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "group_size": 2,            // Max amount of points per group
```

}
```

```python
client.search_groups(
    collection_name="{collection_name}",

    # Same as in the regular search() API
    vector=[0.2, 0.3, 0.1, 0.5],
    ...,
    
    # Grouping parameters
    group_by="document_id", # Path of the field to group by
    limit=3,                # Max amount of groups

>     group_size=2,            # Max amount of points per group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    group_size=2,           # Max amount of points per group
```

)
```

### Recommend groups

```http
POST /collections/{collection_name}/points/recommend/groups

{
    // Same as in the regular recommend API
    "negative": [1],
    "positive": [2, 5],
    ...,

    // Grouping parameters
    "group_by": "document_id",  // Path of the field to group by
    "limit": 3,                 // Max amount of groups

>     "group_size": 2,             // Max amount of points per group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "group_size": 2,            // Max amount of points per group
```

}
```

```python
client.recommend_groups(
    collection_name="{collection_name}",

    # Same as in the regular recommend() API
    negative=[1],
    positive=[2, 5],
    ...,

    # Grouping parameters
    group_by="document_id", # Path of the field to group by
    limit=3,                # Max amount of groups

>     group_size=2,            # Max amount of points per group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    group_size=2,           # Max amount of points per group
```

)
```

In either case (search or recommend), the output would look like this:

```json
{
    "result": {
        "groups": [
            {
                "group_id": { "document_id": "a" },
                "hits": [
                    { "id": 0, "score": 0.91 },
                    { "id": 1, "score": 0.71 },
                ]
            },
            {
                "group_id": { "document_id": 123},
                "hits": [
                    { "id": 3, "score": 0.81 },
                    { "id": 4, "score": 0.73 }
                ]
            },
            {
                "group_id": { "document_id": 2.42},
                "hits": [
                    { "id": 5, "score": 0.71 },
                ]
            }
        ],
    },
    "status": "ok",
    "time": 0.001
}
```

> The groups will be ordered by the score of the top point in the group. Inside each group the points will be sorted too.

Reviewer: Maybe it's better to use _are_ versus _will be_.

```suggestion
The groups are ordered by the score of the top point in the group. Inside each group the points are sorted too.
```
